README.md, before:

# Antares API Module

[![Laravel 5.4](https://img.shields.io/badge/Laravel-5.4-orange.svg)](http://laravel.com)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/antaresproject/project/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/antaresproject/project?branch=master)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/antaresproject/project.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/antaresproject/project)
[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/antaresproject/project/badges/gpa.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/antaresproject/project)
[![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/antaresproject/project.svg)](https://github.com/antaresproject/project/issues)
[![GitHub forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/antaresproject/project.svg)](https://github.com/antaresproject/project/network)
[![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/antaresproject/project.svg)](https://github.com/antaresproject/project/stargazers)
[![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-New%20BSD-blue.svg)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/antaresproject/project/master/LICENSE)

## Documentation

Antares API Module documentation is not finished yet.

Full Antares documentation can be found at [antaresproject.io/docs](http://antaresproject.io/docs).

## Changelog

Antares API Module changelog can be found in release notes [antaresproject.io/docs/site/getting_started/changelog#api](http://antaresproject.io/docs/site/getting_started/changelog/index.html#api).

You can find full Antares changelog in Antares Documentation [antaresproject.io/docs/site/getting_started/changelog](http://antaresproject.io/docs/site/getting_started/changelog/index.html).

## Issues

The issue list of this repo is **exclusively** for bug reports and feature requests.

Please follow [Issue Reporting Guide](http://antaresproject.io/docs/site/getting_started/issues_reporting_guide/index.html) before opening an issue. Issues not following the guide will be closed without further investigation.

## Contribution

Please follow [Contribution Guide](http://antaresproject.io/docs/site/getting_started/contributing/index.html) before making a pull request.

## Community

* Twitter: @antaresproject
* Forum: (coming soon)
* Blog: (coming soon)
* Email: contact (at) antaresproject.io


## License

This software is released under the BSD 3-Clause License.

© 2017 INBS.Software , all rights reserved.

Commit message:

CHG: auth drivers descriptions, ADD: screenshot

README.md, after:

# Antares API Module

[![Laravel 5.4](https://img.shields.io/badge/Laravel-5.4-orange.svg)](http://laravel.com)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/antaresproject/project/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/antaresproject/project?branch=master)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/antaresproject/project.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/antaresproject/project)
[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/antaresproject/project/badges/gpa.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/antaresproject/project)
[![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/antaresproject/project.svg)](https://github.com/antaresproject/project/issues)
[![GitHub forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/antaresproject/project.svg)](https://github.com/antaresproject/project/network)
[![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/antaresproject/project.svg)](https://github.com/antaresproject/project/stargazers)
[![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-New%20BSD-blue.svg)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/antaresproject/project/master/LICENSE)

Antares API provides set of tools to create RESTful API layer for your application. At this moment, module delivers three authentication drivers: 

- Basic Auth
- Token (JWT)
- Public / Private Keys

Works with [APIDOC](http://apidocjs.com/) as a documentation generator.


![api](docs/img/api.png)

## Documentation

Antares API Module documentation is not finished yet.

Full Antares documentation can be found at [antaresproject.io/docs](http://antaresproject.io/docs).

## Changelog

Antares API Module changelog can be found in release notes [antaresproject.io/docs/site/getting_started/changelog#api](http://antaresproject.io/docs/site/getting_started/changelog/index.html#api).

You can find full Antares changelog in Antares Documentation [antaresproject.io/docs/site/getting_started/changelog](http://antaresproject.io/docs/site/getting_started/changelog/index.html).

## Issues

The issue list of this repo is **exclusively** for bug reports and feature requests.

Please follow [Issue Reporting Guide](http://antaresproject.io/docs/site/getting_started/issues_reporting_guide/index.html) before opening an issue. Issues not following the guide will be closed without further investigation.

## Contribution

Please follow [Contribution Guide](http://antaresproject.io/docs/site/getting_started/contributing/index.html) before making a pull request.

## Community

* Twitter: @antaresproject
* Forum: (coming soon)
* Blog: (coming soon)
* Email: contact (at) antaresproject.io


## License

This software is released under the BSD 3-Clause License.

© 2017 INBS.Software , all rights reserved.
